“May people know that you, whose name is Jehovah, you alone are the Most High over all the earth.”

Psalm 83:18

“Know that Jehovah is God. He is the one who made us, and we belong to him.”

Psalm 100:3

“I am Jehovah. That is my name; I give my glory to no one else, nor my praise to graven images.”

Isaiah 42:8

“Everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved.”

Romans 10:13

“Of course, every house is constructed by someone, but the one who constructed all things is God.”

Hebrews 3:4

“Lift up your eyes to heaven and see. Who has created these things? It is the One who brings out their army by number; he calls them all by name. Because of his vast dynamic energy and his awe-inspiring power, not one of them is missing.”

Isaiah 40:26

“This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth, and you must read it in an undertone day and night, in order to observe carefully all that is written in it; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely.”

Joshua 1:8

“They continued reading aloud from the book, from the Law of the true God, clearly explaining it and putting meaning into it; so they helped the people to understand what was being read.”

Nehemiah 8:8

“Happy is the man who does not walk according to the advice of the wicked . . . , but his delight is in the law of Jehovah, and he reads His law in an undertone day and night. . . . Everything he does will succeed.”

Psalm 1:1-3

“Philip ran alongside and heard him reading aloud Isaiah the prophet, and he said: ‘Do you actually know what you are reading?’ He said: ‘Really, how could I ever do so unless someone guided me?’”

Acts 8:30, 31

“His invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward, because they are perceived by the things made, even his eternal power and Godship, so that they are inexcusable.”

Romans 1:20

“Ponder over these things; be absorbed in them, so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people.”

1 Timothy 4:15

“Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works, not forsaking our meeting together.”

Hebrews 10:24, 25

“If any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching, and it will be given him.”

James 1:5

“Moses wrote down all the words of Jehovah.”

Exodus 24:4

“Daniel saw a dream and visions of his head as he lay on his bed. Then he wrote down the dream; he recorded a complete account of the matters.”

Daniel 7:1

“When you received God’s word, which you heard from us, you accepted it not as the word of men but, just as it truthfully is, as the word of God.”

1 Thessalonians 2:13

“All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching.”

2 Timothy 3:16

“Prophecy was at no time brought by man’s will, but men spoke from God as they were moved by holy spirit.”

2 Peter 1:21

“He stretches out the northern sky over empty space, suspending the earth upon nothing.”

Job 26:7

“All the streams flow into the sea, yet the sea is not full. To the place from which the streams flow, there they return so as to flow again.”

Ecclesiastes 1:7

“There is One who dwells above the circle of the earth.”

Isaiah 40:22

“I will put enmity between you and the woman and between your offspring and her offspring. He will crush your head, and you will strike him in the heel.”

Genesis 3:15

“By means of your offspring all nations of the earth will obtain a blessing for themselves because you have listened to my voice.”

Genesis 22:18

“Let your Kingdom come. Let your will take place, as in heaven, also on earth.”

Matthew 6:10

“For his part, the God who gives peace will crush Satan under your feet shortly.”

Romans 16:20

“When all things will have been subjected to him, then the Son himself will also subject himself to the One who subjected all things to him, that God may be all things to everyone.”

1 Corinthians 15:28

“Now the promises were spoken to Abraham and to his offspring . . . , who is Christ. Moreover, if you belong to Christ, you are really Abraham’s offspring.”

Galatians 3:16, 29

“The kingdom of the world has become the Kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ, and he will rule as king forever and ever.”

Revelation 11:15

“So down the great dragon was hurled, the original serpent, the one called Devil and Satan, who is misleading the entire inhabited earth; he was hurled down to the earth, and his angels were hurled down with him.”

Revelation 12:9

“He seized the dragon, the original serpent, who is the Devil and Satan, and bound him for 1,000 years.”

Revelation 20:2

“Nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom . . . All these things are a beginning of pangs of distress.”

Matthew 24:7, 8

“Many false prophets will arise and mislead many; and because of the increasing of lawlessness, the love of the greater number will grow cold.”

Matthew 24:11, 12

“When you hear of wars and reports of wars, do not be alarmed; these things must take place, but the end is not yet.”

Mark 13:7

“There will be great earthquakes, and in one place after another food shortages and pestilences; and there will be fearful sights and from heaven great signs.”

Luke 21:11

“In the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal, having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness, betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God, having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power.”

2 Timothy 3:1-5

“It is unthinkable for the true God to act wickedly, for the Almighty to do wrong!”

Job 34:10

“When under trial, let no one say: ‘I am being tried by God.’ For with evil things God cannot be tried, nor does he himself try anyone.”

James 1:13

“Throw all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you.”

1 Peter 5:7

“Jehovah is not slow concerning his promise, as some people consider slowness, but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance.”

2 Peter 3:9

“The swift do not always win the race, nor do the mighty win the battle, nor do the wise always have the food, nor do the intelligent always have the riches, nor do those with knowledge always have success, because time and unexpected events overtake them all.”

Ecclesiastes 9:11

“Through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.”

Romans 5:12

“For this purpose the Son of God was made manifest, to break up the works of the Devil.”

1 John 3:8

“The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.”

1 John 5:19

“The swift do not always win the race, nor do the mighty win the battle, nor do the wise always have the food, nor do the intelligent always have the riches, nor do those with knowledge always have success, because time and unexpected events overtake them all.”

Ecclesiastes 9:11

“Through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin, and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned—.”

Romans 5:12

“For this purpose the Son of God was made manifest, to break up the works of the Devil.”

1 John 3:8

“The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one.”

1 John 5:19

“The righteous will possess the earth, and they will live forever on it.”

Psalm 37:29

“The earth remains forever.”

Ecclesiastes 1:4

“He will swallow up death forever, and the Sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces.”

Isaiah 25:8

“At that time the eyes of the blind will be opened, and the ears of the deaf will be unstopped. At that time the lame will leap like the deer, and the tongue of the speechless will shout for joy. For waters will burst forth in the wilderness, and streams in the desert plain.”

Isaiah 35:5, 6

“He will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore. The former things have passed away.”

Revelation 21:4

“They will build houses and live in them, and they will plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. They will not build for someone else to inhabit, nor will they plant for others to eat. For the days of my people will be like the days of a tree, and the work of their hands my chosen ones will enjoy to the full.”

Isaiah 65:21, 22

“His spirit goes out, he returns to the ground; on that very day his thoughts perish.”

Psalm 146:4

“The living know that they will die, but the dead know nothing at all . . . Whatever your hand finds to do, do with all your might, for there is no work nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave, where you are going.”

Ecclesiastes 9:5, 10

“[Jesus] added: ‘Lazarus our friend has fallen asleep, but I am traveling there to awaken him.’ Jesus, however, had spoken about his death. But they imagined he was speaking about taking rest in sleep. Then Jesus said to them plainly: ‘Lazarus has died.’”

John 11:11, 13, 14

“Do not be amazed at this, for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out.”

John 5:28, 29

“There is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous.”

Acts 24:15

“I saw the dead, the great and the small, standing before the throne, and scrolls were opened. But another scroll was opened; it is the scroll of life. The dead were judged out of those things written in the scrolls according to their deeds. And the sea gave up the dead in it, and death and the Grave gave up the dead in them, and they were judged individually according to their deeds.”

Revelation 20:12, 13

“Let the one who steals steal no more; rather, let him do hard work, doing good work with his hands, so that he may have something to share with someone in need.”

Ephesians 4:28

“Everyone should eat and drink and find enjoyment for all his hard work. It is the gift of God.”

Ecclesiastes 3:13

“Have you seen a man skillful at his work? He will stand before kings; he will not stand before common men.”

Proverbs 22:29

“The one who loves having a good time will come to poverty; the one who loves wine and oil will not grow rich.”

Proverbs 21:17

“The borrower is a slave to the lender.”

Proverbs 22:7

“Who of you wanting to build a tower does not first sit down and calculate the expense to see if he has enough to complete it? Otherwise, he might lay its foundation but not be able to finish it, and all the onlookers would start to ridicule him, saying: ‘This man started to build but was not able to finish.’”

Luke 14:28-30

“When they had eaten their fill, he said to his disciples: ‘Gather together the fragments left over, so that nothing is wasted.’”

John 6:12

“Better is a dish of vegetables where there is love than a fattened bull where there is hatred.”

Proverbs 15:17

“I, Jehovah, am your God, the One teaching you to benefit yourself, the One guiding you in the way you should walk.”

Isaiah 48:17

“Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need, since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them.”

Matthew 5:3

“You must love your neighbor as yourself.”

Matthew 22:39

“Just as you want men to do to you, do the same way to them.”

Luke 6:31

“Happy are those hearing the word of God and keeping it!”

Luke 11:28

“When a person has an abundance, his life does not result from the things he possesses.”

Luke 12:15

“So, having food and clothing, we will be content with these things.”

1 Timothy 6:8

“There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.”

Acts 20:35

“Throw your burden on Jehovah, and he will sustain you. Never will he allow the righteous one to fall.”

Psalm 55:22

“The plans of the diligent surely lead to success, but all who are hasty surely head for poverty.”

Proverbs 21:5

“Do not be afraid, for I am with you. Do not be anxious, for I am your God. I will fortify you, yes, I will help you, I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness.”

Isaiah 41:10

“Who of you by being anxious can add one cubit to his life span?”

Matthew 6:27

“So never be anxious about the next day, for the next day will have its own anxieties. Each day has enough of its own troubles.”

Matthew 6:34

“Make sure of the more important things.”

Philippians 1:10

“Do not be anxious over anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving, let your petitions be made known to God; and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers by means of Christ Jesus.”

Philippians 4:6, 7

“In the same way husbands should love their wives as their own bodies. A man who loves his wife loves himself, for no man ever hated his own body, but he feeds and cherishes it . . . Each one of you must love his wife as he does himself.”

Ephesians 5:28, 29, 33

“Fathers, do not be irritating your children, but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah.”

Ephesians 6:4

“The wife should have deep respect for her husband.”

Ephesians 5:33

“You wives, be in subjection to your husbands, as it is becoming in the Lord.”

Colossians 3:18

“Children, be obedient to your parents in union with the Lord, for this is righteous. ‘Honor your father and your mother’ is the first command with a promise: ‘That it may go well with you and you may remain a long time on the earth.’”

Ephesians 6:1-3

“You children, be obedient to your parents in everything, for this is well-pleasing to the Lord.”

Colossians 3:20

“O Hearer of prayer, to you people of all sorts will come.”

Psalm 65:2

“Trust in Jehovah with all your heart, and do not rely on your own understanding. In all your ways take notice of him, and he will make your paths straight.”

Proverbs 3:5, 6

“This means everlasting life, their coming to know you, the only true God, and the one whom you sent, Jesus Christ.”

John 17:3

“In fact, [God] is not far off from each one of us.”

Acts 17:27

“This is what I continue praying, that your love may abound still more and more with accurate knowledge and full discernment.”

Philippians 1:9

“If any one of you is lacking in wisdom, let him keep asking God, for he gives generously to all and without reproaching, and it will be given him.”

James 1:5

“Draw close to God, and he will draw close to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you indecisive ones.”

James 4:8

“This is what the love of God means, that we observe his commandments; and yet his commandments are not burdensome.”

1 John 5:3